README.md, before:

pep8-staged
===========
Automatically run pep8 on staged git content before committing to your repo.

This provides a [git pre-commit hook](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Customizing-Git-Git-Hooks) that runs
[pep8](http://pep8.readthedocs.io/en/release-1.7.x/) on staged git content.
If pep8 fails, the content will not be committed to the repo. This enables
fast turnaround for enforcing code styles within your repository.

The hook script runs on the staged content, not the current working copy.

_Most of the code is taken from this [post](https://benmccormick.org/2017/02/26/running-jest-tests-before-each-git-commit/) by Ben McCormick_

Installation
------------
If you'd like to distribute the pre-commit hook with your repository:
- Copy these files into your repository and run `install-hooks.sh` script.
- Commit them to the repository so that it will be easy to share the script
  with other contributors.

To use the hook only, copy the `git-hooks/pre-commit` file into your
repository's `.git/hooks` directory.


Customizing pep8
----------------
See the [pep8 documentation](http://pep8.readthedocs.io/en/release-1.7.x/intro.html#configuration).
The easiest way to distribute a code style for a repository is to commit a `pep8`
section to `setup.cfg`.

Example:
```
[pep8]
max-line-length=100
exclude=migrations/*
```


See also
--------
* [lint-staged](https://github.com/okonet/lint-staged)
* [Running Jest Tests Before Each Git Commit](https://benmccormick.org/2017/02/26/running-jest-tests-before-each-git-commit/)

Commit message:

Add example section to README

README.md, after:

pep8-staged
===========
Automatically run pep8 on staged git content before committing to your repo.

This provides a [git pre-commit hook](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Customizing-Git-Git-Hooks) that runs
[pep8](http://pep8.readthedocs.io/en/release-1.7.x/) on staged git content.
If pep8 fails, the content will not be committed to the repo. This enables
fast turnaround to enforce code styles within your repository.

The hook runs on the staged content, not the current working copy.

_Most of the code is taken from this [post](https://benmccormick.org/2017/02/26/running-jest-tests-before-each-git-commit/) by Ben McCormick_


Example
-------

When you try to commit a file with pep8 errors, git will bail before
completing the commit.

`script.py`
```
def line (slope, y_interpect,x):
    return slope*x+y_intercept
```

```
$ git add script.py
$ git commit

script.py:1:9 E211 whitespace before '('
script.py:1:29 E231 missing whitespace after ','
    pep8 Failed: script.py

```

Installation
------------
If you'd like to distribute the pre-commit hook with your repository:
- Copy these files into your repository and run `install-hooks.sh` script.
- Commit them to the repository so that it will be easy to share the script
  with other contributors.

To use the hook only, copy the `git-hooks/pre-commit` file into your
repository's `.git/hooks` directory.


Customizing pep8
----------------
See the [pep8 documentation](http://pep8.readthedocs.io/en/release-1.7.x/intro.html#configuration).
The easiest way to distribute a code style for a repository is to commit a `pep8`
section to `setup.cfg`.

Example:
```
[pep8]
max-line-length=100
exclude=migrations/*
```


See also
--------
* [lint-staged](https://github.com/okonet/lint-staged)
* [Running Jest Tests Before Each Git Commit](https://benmccormick.org/2017/02/26/running-jest-tests-before-each-git-commit/)
